<h3>From the QuantumGrid to the PlaybookAI</h3>
<h2>Download *.zip-Files (*.pdf)</h2>
<p><a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-The-Golden-Grid-Legend.zip">In Chess pieces are taken directly, the King must be deprived of all freedom. Pawn and Checkers can not move or beat backwards. Pawn and Checker promotion are handled differently, in Chess there is a Queen at the beginning, in Checkers you have to earn her first. In Othello (Reverse), stones are turned over when they are deprived of two liberties (or more). In Go, the stones must be taken 4 liberties in order to remove them. In Checkers, a checker is captured by skipping diagonally, but move just one diagonally.  The stones are placed (set alternately) in Go, Mill and Othello, with Othello this immediately leads to hitting, with Go and Mill only during the course of the game. In Halma you only jump and don't hit. See, figures have either placed on fields (Chess, Checkers) or connecting lines (Go), have different direction of movement and ability to hit, but assigned to them. Why don't we bring this together. Nowadays, the figures all look different and have different tasks and functions to fulfill, with dices they all look the same, but can have different tasks and functions. We associate their properties and project them onto the characteristics and compose their skills. Neither the figure nor the field should be static, but interactive.  Cubes (Qubes) and Board (QuantumGrid) are freely ‘programmable' – as they can be assigned multiple states (6d - hex, 8d - octa and so on) and direction changes (x, y, z – long, alt, lat – 0, 1, 0/1). 2-sided fields or 6-sided blocks can be flipped over and rotate along three axis.  Once you have researched and found a permanent configuration and ways of plugging (docking) and playing (leveling), then 3D printing; design, size and layout and mass production is your choice. </p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-Chess3D-Basics.zip">Chess 3D Basics I – III</a> Changing traditional algebraic notation to 3D vector and point coordinates (x, y, z). Showing 3D line ups as pyramid (35 figure set) or 3x3x3 cubes (27 figure set). New moves and strokes on the connecting lines: convert, dock, split, push, adapt and so on. The various modifications (D&D, GoT, Battle Ship, GeoMorphs, Checkers, Go) are to be implemented in order to show a varied game on a world map.</p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-Qubes-in-Motion.zip">Scene Play by Default: Qubes in Motion I - III</a> The figure value is determined by the number of points on the dice. In addition to the first die (1 to 6), a second die (0, because, therefore, 7, 8, 9) with a different point assignment was added. Tandems and multiplayer variants are represented by different color combinations and dice constellations (Jump & Run I - VI: 24 pages, Promotion I - VII: 25 pages, Penalty I - VII: 29 pages). This chart shows a selection of moves as they might develop on the chess board (8x8). Card playing is incorporated into Chess and serves as a default game (Ramdom Chess). The deck of cards can also be understood as a set of rules and further developed into a Playbook & AI. Each Chess association can keep its own variant, strategy game and piece development secret (tournament mode) or disclose it as a game kernel (game theory) or own online and offline Chess 3D Table Top variant. Through experimental play (Homo Ludens), new figures (unicorn, pegasus, double rook, chariot, keeper) are created with their own stroke and movement behavior.</p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-QuantumGrid_1x1_TableTopDesign.zip">QuantumGrid 1 x 1 –  Table Top Design I - II</a> The Chess Board is no longer a whole, but made up of parts. It is no longer limited to square arrangements (full steps) and connecting lines (half and full steps). Paths must be built and explored. As with Tetris (Blocks) and Mosaics (Patterns), they can overlap, block or shrink together. In both of these presentations, land masses are depicted in black and white tiles (oil and ice) and patterns, while water surfaces are depicted in shades of blue (liquid and solid). Continents should have different colors in the future. All board game variants get a uniform notation. Every single change in the tile, its rotation or reversal can be noted like the game of figures (qubes).</p>
<h3>Sometimes, rules are meant to be broken!</h3>
<h2>Gothello</h2>
<p>The main differences are that Gothello has the first four checkers (figures) in the middle set as the opening and is played on a 10 x 10 grid; with two players 2 each and with 4 one each. In Gothello Variant II, two players each have exactly 32 stones (four players each have exactly 16), which corresponds to an 8x8 grid like in Chess. On a 10x10 grid with 4 players, 9 more checkers (figures) are added. Conventional variants with 2 Players can be played with two-sided QuantumToken (Jetons are black and white token). With 4 Players you use a so-called QuantumCube, but without conventional color divisions - different motifs (black) on a white background are completely sufficient. That's why Gothello is designed for up to 6 players; there is no longer a distinction between black and white, but different figures – single and double clubs, spades, shamrock, single and fourfold diamonds – or dots (1 to 6) for value are shown on a dice.With 4 Players, just one stone for each is placed in the middle as an opening (line-up). Alternatively, an additional stone is placed in each of the corners. The Go squares and connecting lines (their number and arrangement varies depending on the size of the grid), where no hitting is allowed, become of particular interest. In all variants, in addition to the square fields (Variant 1: Othello mode), the connecting lines (variant 3: Go mode) can also be included. In Gothello you can turn around (Variant 2: reverse mode, opening game), block (caught), conquer form the middle game, push (jump) in variant 4 (checker mode, endgame). – <a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-for-Gothello.pdf">download manual in PDF-format here</a></p>
<h2>Simple Chess Docker</h2>
<p>Each player throws the starting line-up with two dices which the player must set (not move) with – before beginning with the middlegame (active modus). The figures may only take up the starting positions within their own half of the grid. The opening game is shortened (passive modus). The figure value consist of dot stamping based on VisualBraille numbers 0 to 9 and two mathematical signs (because, therefore). Ascending order not needed. In the variant with one cube (1 to 6) we can play on a 8x8 grid. In the variant with two dices (0, because, therefore, 7 to 9) we can use a wider grid or we combine the figures on smaller grid (8x8 grid including connecting lines between squared fields): Horse and Runner (Bishop) transform to Knight. Dragons can sit on Castle. Captains sit on Barques and Brigantines. King and Queens can sit on Throne. Queen can combine with a Dragon. Pawn can wear a Shield (Shires), so they are protected from final beat by losing the shield than occupied temporarily. In a Pawn to Pawn situation, the Shield can be borrowed from one another. Is the Pawn on top of a Shire (Shield) the Pawn can be beaten; then the Shire is freed. Piggybacking someone or forming Troop can be limited to time slots (levels) within a tournament or the level of experience of the player (beginners, advanced, professional, master). This old variant contains greatly simplified rules, which in the meantime have become a much more complex set of rules. – <a href="https://github.com/DIY4E1/QuantumGrid/blob/main/manuals/Manual-for-Chess-Docker.pdf">download manual in PDF-format here</a></p>
