README.md, before:

# The QuantumGrid and the PlaybookAI
A novel substitute for the gaming experience by using multi-player tokens (Quantum Tokens, Quantum Cubes) and multi-layer grids (for Checkmates, Checkmaster,  Checkathon, Checkorrerey and Gothello). The Playbook not only thinks of conventional notations of strokes and line-ups, but also uses simple notations in the form of coordinates XZ (2D) and XYZ (3D) as well as longitude and latitude (X-axis:= west 180° – 0° – east 180°, Z-axis:= north 180° – 0° – south 180°) and height and depth meters (Y-axis). This allows a notation on a wider QuantumGrid (2048px = 541.87 mm). From now on, much more Players and Figures moves along connecting lines – the moves are no longer limited to squared fields. The multi-sided tokens (Qt, Qb) allow game skills to be inherited, devalued and upgraded. This also allows the compatibility of a wide variety of board games (Chess, Checkers, Mill, Othello and Go etc.). New game skills (missions: piggyback, capture, overrun) and characters are added (Squires, Sagittarius, Pegasus, Captains, Castles, Unicorns, Knights with helm, Djinns, Chinese Dragons, Pretender to the Thrones, Barques, Brigantines and so on). The notation ranges from number 1 to 20 and from c0 to f2. The Player´s mission requires a 3D notation. The Multi-Player variants require a notation with degrees. The restrictions allow the moves to be compared with one another and with each other then to build a 'never seen before' Artificial Intelligence (PlaybookAI).

Commit message:

The great divide
introducing a full grid

README.md, after:

# The QuantumGrid and the PlaybookAI
A novel substitute for the gaming experience by using multi-player tokens (Quantum Tokens, Quantum Cubes) and multi-layer grids (for Checkmates, Checkmaster,  Checkathon, Checkorrerey or Chess Docker and Gothello). The Playbook not only thinks of conventional notations of strokes and line-ups, but also uses simple notations in the form of coordinates XZ (2D vectors) and XYZ (3D vectors) as well as longitude and latitude (X-axis:= west 180° – 0° – east 180°, Z-axis:= north 180° – 0° – south 180°) and height and depth meters (altitude, Y-axis). This allows a notation on a wider QuantumGrid (2048px = 541.87 mm). From now on, much more Players and Figures moves along connecting lines – the moves are no longer limited to squared fields. The multi-sided tokens (Qt, Qb) allow game skills to be inherited, devalued and upgraded. This also allows the compatibility of a wide variety of board games (Chess, Checkers, Mill, Othello and Go etc.). New game skills (missions: occupy, piggyback, capture, overrun) and characters are added (Squires, Sagittarius, Pegasus, Captains, Castles, Unicorns, Knights with helm, Knights on horses, Djinns, Chinese Dragons, Emperors, (Pretender to the) Thrones, Barques, Brigantines and so on). The notation ranges from number 1 to 20 and from c0 to f2. The Player´s mission requires a 3D notation. The Multi-Player variants require a notation with degrees. The restrictions allow the moves to be compared with one another and with each other then to build a 'never seen before' Artificial Intelligence (PlaybookAI).
<h3>The Great Divide</h3>
The QuantumGrid below integrates all mathematical notations and relevant marks (Go, Mill, Docker).
