# The QuantumGrid and the Playbook
A novel substitute for the gaming experience by using multi-player tokens (Quantum Tokens, Quantum Cubes) and multi-layer grids (for Checkmates, Checkmaster,  Checkathon, Checkorrerey and Gothello). The Playbook not only thinks of conventional notations of strokes and line-ups, but also uses simple notations in the form of coordinates XZ (2D) and XYZ (3D) as well as longitude and latitude (X-axis:= west 180° – 0° – east 180°, Z-axis:= north 180° – 0° – south 180°) and height and depth meters (Y-axis). This allows a notation on a wider QuantumGrid (2048px = 541.87 mm). From now on, much more Players and Figures moves along connecting lines – the moves are no longer limited to squared fields. The multi-sided tokens (Qt, Qb) allow game skills to be inherited, devalued and upgraded. This also allows the compatibility of a wide variety of board games (Chess, Checkers, Mill, Othello and Go etc.). New game skills (missions: piggyback, capture, overrun) and characters are added (Squires, Sagittarius, Pegasus, Captains, Castles, Unicorns, Knights with helm, Djinns, Chinese Dragons, Pretender to the Thrones, Barques, Brigantines and so on). The notation ranges from number 1 to 20 and from c0 to f2. The Player´s mission requires a 3D notation. The Multi-Player variants require a notation with degrees. The restrictions allow the moves to be compared with one another and with each other then to build a 'never seen before' Artificial Intelligence (PlaybookAI).
